DJI Osmo Action 4 User Manual

Maintenance
Firmware Update
The firmware version of Osmo Action 4 is updated using DJI Mimo.
Make sure the battery level of Osmo Action 4 is at least 15% before updating its firmware
version. Connect Osmo Action 4 to the DJI Mimo app. If new firmware is available, users will be
notified by DJI Mimo. Update the firmware according to the on-screen instructions. The update
takes approximately 2 minutes.

Underwater Usage Notes
Osmo Action 4 can be used underwater at depths of up to 18 m. When used with the Osmo
Action 60m waterproof case, the device can operate underwater up to 60 m deep. Observe the
following precautions when using the device in water.
1. Make sure the battery and battery compartment are dry and clean before inserting the
battery. Otherwise, it may affect the battery contact and waterproofing ability. Make sure the
battery compartment cover is firmly fastened after the battery is inserted. Note: if the cover
is properly mounted, the red marks on the bottom will not be visible.
2. Make sure the USB-C port cover is clean and closed before using. Otherwise, it will affect the
device waterproofing ability.
3. Make sure the lens protective cover is clean and closed before using. Otherwise, it will affect
the device waterproofing ability. Make sure the lens protective cover and lens are dry and
clean. Sharp or hard objects may damage the lens and affect the ability of the device. Make
sure the lens protective cover are firmly mounted and fastened.
4. Osmo Action 4 is not waterproof unless the battery compartment cover, USB-C port cover,
and lens protective cover are firmly mounted and fastened. The camera is NOT waterproof
when used with Osmo Action Lens Hood.
5. Avoid jumping into water at high speed with Osmo Action 4. Otherwise, the impact may
result in water seepage. Make sure the camera is waterproofed before jumping into water.
6. DO NOT use Osmo Action 4 in hot springs or extreme underwater environments. DO NOT
let Osmo Action 4 to come into contact with corrosive or unknown liquids.
7. Rinse the camera with clean water after using it underwater. Allow it to dry naturally
before using again. DO NOT dry the camera with hot air using a hair dryer, otherwise the
microphone membrane and the built-in breathable membrane will rupture, and the camera
will no longer be waterproof.
Attach the waterproof case to Osmo Action 4 when using it while diving, surfing, underwater for
an extended period, or in other situations involving high water impact. Observe the following
precautions when using the device with the waterproof case:
1. Make sure the rubber seal is clean and firmly attached during use.
2. Make sure the waterproof case is dry (for best results, place anti-fog fiber in the case during
use) and the latch is secure.
© 2023 DJI All Rights Reserved.

27

