DJI Osmo Action 4 User Manual
3. Before use, it is recommended to place the waterproof case underwater for approximately 5
minutes to ensure it is working properly.
4. Rinse the case with tap water to prevent corrosion after using it in the sea.
• The touchscreens of Osmo Action 4 can be operated when their surface is wet.
• The touchscreens cannot function underwater. Users can press the camera buttons
to start recording. Shutter/record button is disabled automatically when the camera is
used without Osmo Action waterproof case at a depth of more than 14 m.

Cleaning Notes
1. Clean the lens protective cover with water or a lens cleaning pen, lens air blower, or lens
cleaning cloth. When changing the lens protective cover, make sure the camera is dry. After
using Osmo Action 4 in water, let the camera dry before using it again. This will prevent
water from seeping into the lens protective cover and fogging up the lens. DO NOT remove
the lens protective cover frequently to avoid dust accumulating inside the lens cover, which
can affect shooting quality.
2. Clean the lens with a lens cleaning pen, lens air blower, or lens cleaning cloth.
3. Clean the battery and battery compartment with a clean, dry cloth.
Make sure the quick-release slots on the camera are clean from dust and sand when attaching
the Quick-Release Adapter Mount.

Battery Usage Notes
1. DO NOT use non-DJI OSMO batteries. New batteries can be purchased at www.dji.com. DJI
OSMO shall not be responsible for any fault or damage caused by the use of any non-DJI
OSMO batteries.
2. The battery should be used at temperatures between -20° to 45° C (-4° to 113° F ). Use of
the battery at temperatures above 45° C (113° F) can lead to a fire or explosion. Before using
the battery in a low-temperature environment, it is recommended to charge the battery fully
in a normal temperature environment. Charging the battery at the ideal temperature can
prolong battery life.
3. Battery performance will be affected if the battery is not used for an extended period.
4. Discharge and charge the battery completely once every three months to keep it in good
working condition.
5. Remove the battery from Osmo Action 4 and store the battery in the Osmo Action
Multifunctional Battery Case when stored for an extended period.

28

© 2023 DJI All Rights Reserved.

