DJI Osmo Action 4 User Manual
Video

Basic Mode
FOV, Image Adjustment, EIS Priority in Low Light, and Low-Light Image
Enhancement are available.
1. FOV: FOV can be set to Narrow, Standard (Dewarp), Wide, or Ultra
Wide. Some FOV options are unavailable when using certain frame
rates.
2. EIS Priority in Low Light: enabling EIS Priority in Low Light will remove
motion blur and disable anti-flicker function. Image sharpness may
be affected when ambient light is too low.
3. Image Adjustment: users can adjust the sharpness and noise
reduction based on needs for optimal image quality.
4. Low-Light Image Enhancement: when enabled, the camera will
detect low-light environment automatically and adjust exposure
parameters intelligently to improve image quality.
PRO Mode
Image and audio parameters can be adjusted.
Image Parameters: Exposure, White Balance, Color, FOV, Image
Adjustment, and Low-Light Image Enhancement are available.
•

Exposure: Auto and Manual modes are available.

•

White Balance: Auto and Manual modes are available.

•

Colors: Normal and D-Log M are available. D-Log M is designed for
professional color grading in post-editing. In high-contrast or multicolor (e.g., garden, field, etc.) scenarios, it can enlarge the dynamic
range for more color-tuning space in post-production. 10-bit color
depth enables smoother color transition.

•

FOV: the parameters are same with Basic Mode.

•

Image Adjustment: the parameters are same with Basic Mode.

•

Low-Light Image Enhancement: the parameters are same with Basic
Mode.

Audio Parameters: Channel, Wind Noise Reduction, and Gain are
available.

14

•

Channel: select from Stereo or Mono.

•

Wind Noise Reduction: when enabled, the camera will reduce the
wind noise picked up by the built-in microphone using algorithms.
Note: Wind Noise Reduction does not work when connected to the
external microphone.

•

When a microphone is connected, the input gain of the microphone
can be adjusted.

© 2023 DJI All Rights Reserved.

